Hello everyone and welcome to lecture on data sources.
So in this section of the Course are really just going to discuss two different ways to get financial
data with Python onto your own computer.
And one of them is Panther's data reader and the other one is quando panderers data reader is a separate
package from panderers that actually allows you to connect to Google stock API as well as other API
is in grab securities or stock information data and read it in as a data frame theorically quando is
actually a company that offers a robust Python API as well as an API for other languages such as are.
And it allows you to grab data from a variety of sources and some of them are free some of them were
paid sources.
QUANDO itself is free to use as far as the python API is concerned.
However if you want to actually access free data you're going to need to create an API key if you want
to do the access more than 50 times a day.
So just keep that in mind.
So sometimes the libraries have an issue if you have a firewall or you're based in a certain geographical
region just in case you have those issues we're always going to provide CSC files for you to use for
exercises and examples just in case.
Typically quando is the one that's more flexible Panas data reader sometimes has issues with certain
geographical regions OK.
Let's show you how to use these tools.
Thanks and I'll see you at the next lecture.